feat: Add a dev overlay (#8757)
withastro/astro: .changeset/large-stingrays-fry.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> Add an experimental Dev Overlay. This overlay allows you to inspect your page islands, see helpful audits on performance and accessibility, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Dev Overlay (experimental)

Provides a new dev tool for your browser preview that allows you to inspect your page islands, see helpful audits on performance and accessibility, and more.

Also provides a new Dev Tool Overlay Plugin API to allow you to add new features and third-party integrations to the existing dev overlay.
```
Since this is a minor, and will need a blog post blurb generated, what about something a tiny bit beefier like this? Make it accurate/what you want to say, but I think this kind of structure could work?

> ```ts
> // astro.config.mjs
> export default {
>   experimental: {
>     devOverlay: true
>   }
> };
> ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

You can enable access to the dev overlay and its API by adding the following flag to your Astro config:

```ts
// astro.config.mjs
export default {
  experimental: {
    devOverlay: true
  }
};
```

Read the [Dev Overlay Plugin API documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/dev-overlay-plugin-reference/) for information about building your own plugins to integrate with Astro's dev overlay.
``````
Especially since this is the focus of the documentation, whether or not people actually start doing this now, nice to tease it here maybe?
